Mr. Long specially ordered me to come. What kind of guest?
Is there any mistake?
Are these reasonable?
Don't bring a TV and there will be less left.
Free of charge
Toll farewell let's go
Although too much choice
It's reasonable to give this away, so I still want to go.
Is it because of your expense?
You must be a quiet person
Then what choice do you really have?
He must have some kind of responsibilities
Also, team housekeeping is the most important thing
Or the investment fair in three days?
The most important thing now
It’s the investment fair in three days.
It shouldn't be
If I still owe leave this time,
This general manager has a position
You don't have to be big anymore
you thought there was love
If you don’t play, you think it’s the one with the best network, try another one.
Let the people in the design department come up with the final program at home
I want to score three points and then even another hundred points
After that 10 billion contract for the objects, you can let it go
Among the eighteen pieces delivered to Mu’s house
You give them all
After the three-pointer, after the wave
after the object
Wave after object
one more thing
We have found out the normal shot of the object by someone as well.
I will let the king of heaven know for you to come forward
I specially asked for your assistant. Please give me your special words.
Then geography is for the old lady
Have you contacted him?
Thereby forcing your flatterer to leave the meeting with his wife